---
title: "Imprint"
date: 2022-02-13T17:55:27+01:00
draft: false
---

### Data according to § 5 TMG

Jakob Waibel Allmandring 22a 70569 Stuttgart

### Contact

Phone: +49 157 36591266 E-Mail: <mail@jakobwaibel.com>

### Responsible for the content according to § 55 Section 2 RStV

Jakob Waibel Allmandring 22a 70569 Stuttgart 

### Mediation/Dispute Resolution

The European Commission is providing a platform for online dispute
resolution (OS): <https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr> You can find our
e-mail address at the top of the imprint.

We are not prepared or obliged to participate in dispute resolution
proceedings before a consumer arbitration body to participate.

### Liability for Contents

As a service provider we are in accordance with § 7 Section 1 TMG for
our own content on these pages according to the general laws. According
to §§ 8 to 10 TMG we are a service provider not obliged, however, to
monitor third party information transmitted or stored on our website, or
to search for circumstances that indicate an illegal activity.

Obligations to remove or block the use of information in accordance with
general laws remain unaffected by this. However, any liability in this
respect shall not become effective until the knowledge of a concrete
violation of the law. On becoming aware of corresponding We will
immediately remove any violations of the law.

### Liability for Links

Our website contains links to external third-party websites over whose
content we have no control. Therefore, we cannot accept any liability
for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the
linked pages is always responsible for the content of the linked pages.
The linked pages were at the time of linking to possible legal
violations of the law checked. Illegal contents were not recognizable at
the time of linking.

However, a permanent control of the contents of the linked pages is not
possible without concrete indications of a Violation of rights
unreasonable. If we become aware of any infringements of the law, we
will delete such links.

### Copyright

See "Media License" and "Code License". The code of this website is
licensed AGPL-3.0, the media is licensed CC-BY-SA-4.0.

As far as the contents on this site were not created by the operator,
the copyrights of third parties are protected. observed. In particular,
the contents of third parties are marked as such. If you should
nevertheless click on If you become aware of a copyright infringement,
we ask you to inform us accordingly. On becoming known we will remove
such contents immediately.